upstream merge template repository (#132)
VilnaCRM-Org/user-service: CONTRIBUTING.md

Commit the changes once you are happy with them. Don't forget to self-review to speed up the review process :zap:

> **Note:** This project uses an auto-release workflow based on Conventional Commits. Please refer to the [Auto-Release Documentation](https://github.com/VilnaCRM-Org/php-service-template/blob/main/.github/AUTORELEASE.md#updating-versions) for guidance on writing commit messages that follow the required format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** This project uses an auto-release workflow based on Conventional Commits. Please refer to the [Auto-Release Documentation](https://github.com/VilnaCRM-Org/user-service/blob/main/.github/AUTORELEASE.md#updating-versions) for guidance on writing commit messages that follow the required format.
```
